Living in the age of information explosion, we are now constantly exposed to all kinds of news from newpapers, TV shows and the internet. Then the question arises: is it neccessary for us to care about something that does not relate to us. It seems that it's a waste of time to concern about what happens around the world which is not relevant to us. But as far as I'm concerned, it's better for us to know about the world news.

To begin with, knowing about things happening in the world will help people from different cultures understand each other better. With the advent of the technology, we are now practically living in a global village. As a member of this village, we should be more concerned with the general trend of its affairs. Only in the way can we develop a harmounious relationship with each other in this village and be generous to each other. For example, when people from different countries are in dispute, it can be more easily settled if they are acquainted with each other's cultural background. Therefore, as citizens of the world, we should learn what's happening outside out little community.

In addition, things that seem irrelevant to us may turn out to quite influentical. It seems first appear to people that it has nothing to do with our lives. However, we have encountered many crises whoses sources are other countries. Take Janpanese nuclear leak as an example, since people got informed of this information, they will not caught the poinous fish to eat. If left neglect by Chinese people, it will cause a bad influence on people. 

Last but not least, by learning about what's going on around the globe, we can keep up with the fast pace of the world. As a modern person, one has to absorb as much as possible no matter it is a piece of local or international news. The information will keep him from being left behind by the progress of society. For example, when the American astronauts set their feet on the moon, it's more a big step in human history than a monumental moment for the United States. When people from other countries knew this, they were aware of the huge progress that the world has made and would be inspired to make another heart-stirring breakthrough. Therefore, world news will keep us updated on our latest improvements and boost our confidence about what we can do.

In conclusion, as cosmopolites, in order to get along with people form other countries, to take precautions when something bad happens in other areas of the world and  to  keep pace with the time, we should definitely read or watch world news.